README.md, before:

# fastapi-s3-storages

S3 backend storage to simplify file management in FastAPI.
Similar to django-storages project.

## Examples

```python
from partners_utils.storage import S3Storage
class TestS3Storage(S3Storage):
    bucket_name = "Bucket name"
    location = "Folder name"

from partners_utils.storage import FileStreamingResponse
@router.get(
    "/test-file/{attachment_id}/",
    response_class=FileStreamingResponse,
    summary="Get file",
)
async def get_file(
    attachment_id: UUID,
    attachment_service: TestService = Depends(),
):
    attachment = await attachment_service.get_attachment(attachment_id=attachment_id)
    return FileStreamingResponse(storage=attachment_service.storage, filename=attachment.name, path=attachment.file)
```

## Environment variables

AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID - Access key.

AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY - Secret key.

AWS_USE_SSL - Use SSL encryption.

AWS_VERIFY - SSL certificate verification.

AWS_ENDPOINT_URL - Host for working with S3.

AWS_CONNECT_TIMEOUT - Maximum connection establishment time.

AWS_READ_TIMEOUT - Maximum data retrieval time.

AWS_ADDRESSING_STYLE - Addressing style.

AWS_SIGNATURE_VERSION - Signature version.

AWS_PROXIES - Proxy.

AWS_TIME_ZONE_NAME - Setting time zone (default value "Europe/Moscow").

## Required

- python >=3.11, <4.0
- aioboto3 >=12.4.0, <14.0
- fastapi >=0.100.0, <1.0
- SQLAlchemy >=1.4.36, <2.1.0
- pydantic >=2.0.0, <3.0.0
- pydantic-settings >=2.0.0
- python-dotenv >=1.0.0
- tzdata = >=2024.1

## Installation

```pip install fastapi-s3-storages```

## Contributing

Before contributing please read our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Acknowledgments

I express my deep gratitude for the help in working on the project [Rinat Akhtamov](https://github.com/rinaatt )

Commit message:

PR issues #5 (#6)
* feat: remove fastapi and  sqlalchemy from dependency with associated code.

* fix lock file and readme

README.md, after:

# aio-s3-storages

S3 backend storage to simplify file management.
Similar to django-storages project.

## Examples

```python
from partners_utils.storage import S3Storage


class TestS3Storage(S3Storage):
    bucket_name = "Bucket name"
    location = "Folder name"

storage = TestS3Storage()
# get file by name
await self.storage.open(name="path_to_file")
# save file to s3 from local storage
with open("path_to_file_into_local_storage", "rb") as _file:
    extra_args = {"ContentType": "content_type_file"}
    await self.storage.save(name="path_to_file", content=_file, extra_args=extra_args)
# delete file
await self.storage.delete(name="path_to_file")
```

## Environment variables

AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID - Access key.

AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY - Secret key.

AWS_USE_SSL - Use SSL encryption.

AWS_VERIFY - SSL certificate verification.

AWS_ENDPOINT_URL - Host for working with S3.

AWS_CONNECT_TIMEOUT - Maximum connection establishment time.

AWS_READ_TIMEOUT - Maximum data retrieval time.

AWS_ADDRESSING_STYLE - Addressing style.

AWS_SIGNATURE_VERSION - Signature version.

AWS_PROXIES - Proxy.

AWS_TIME_ZONE_NAME - Setting time zone (default value "Europe/Moscow").

## Required

- python >=3.11, <4.0
- aioboto3 >=12.4.0, <14.0
- pydantic >=2.0.0, <3.0.0
- pydantic-settings >=2.0.0
- python-dotenv >=1.0.0
- tzdata = >=2024.1

## Installation

```pip install aio-s3-storages```

## Contributing

Before contributing please read our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Acknowledgments

I express my deep gratitude for the help in working on the project [Rinat Akhtamov](https://github.com/rinaatt) and [Albert Alexandrov](https://github.com/albertalexandrov)
